hello bye
so I love editing because it's one of
the few places where you can actually
work some magic into whatever you have
written or shot beforehand while the
former are static qualities unchangeable
after a while editing allows you to work
with them to create something much more
different than what you originally had
in mind I edit for my own projects while
Thomas edits for the Jenny got videos
and watching him made me realize how
unusual editing for YouTube is and for
one you rarely see someone talk for a
long time in a singular shot why is that
so editing for YouTube allows me to cut
to something so seemingly distant from
my face in order to make the video more
interesting and not confined to a
singular thing or you can cut within the
video as well to generate humor out of
nothing maybe it will show a sincere
off-the-cuff reaction that can be
entertaining but what if we're talking
about something serious because it's
just not us who are doing it
it's everybody travelogues the loggers
news political commentary reaction shots
pewdiepie political commentators did I
already say that literally anything in
YouTube that you can think about is made
with this new unique style of editing is
it just time constraints trying to cater
to the distracted online viewers as we
cut just to keep your attention how much
can we edit can we go too far Oh